Previously on Doc.
We lost Danny.
And I blamed you for it.
You were pretty
impressive out there.
It reminded me
of my ER rotation. I miss it.
How'd it go? You didn't
really say much in your text.
I'll tell you when I see you.
There will be an official
evaluation.
Some of you will not survive it.
I should at least be
considered for Chief Resident.
I was wondering how
you feel you're lining up
against Dr. Larsen.
She's prepping another surgery
and she hasn't
invited you to audit.
We did the right thing.
I know there's been
concern about my health.
Next week will
be my last as your chief.
What's going on?
What is this?
What does that even mean?
It means you can't
just show up here unannounced
and pretend I'm the one
being unreasonable.
What are you doing here?
I'm here for our daughter.
We have a schedule. Carl.
You can't just show up
whenever you want.
Hayley said she was ready.
You always do this.
You're being insane right now.
I'm being insane?
You're not supposed to take her
until nine. You're early.
- It's an hour. Jocelyn.
- It's my hour.
Guys. come on.
Where were you yesterday?
- Are you kidding me right now?
I was working. Carl.
Somebody has to work.
Oh God. you are such a...
Mom? Mom?
Hayley.
- Let it out.
- It's okay.
I have transferred my surgical
cases to my colleagues.
Fellowships. rotations
and promotions
will be finalized
this afternoon.
And the culling of the herd?
Will be done judiciously.
and with grace.
And you'll be naming
Chief Resident?
Normally below your pay grade.
I understand Dr. Larsen
is in the running?
Indeed.
Oh. I don't even know
what she's decided.
Somehow. I find that
hard to believe.
I'm assuming you'll
start the search
for my replacement immediately.
We've already
started a shortlist.
have several candidates
coming in today.
I'm sure you remember I have
veto power over my successor.
We remember that well. Joan.
But that's not
taking on too much.
We're concerned
about your health.
I think I can make it through
a day of paperwork
and interviews.
Only on the right side?
I had appendicitis
when I was a teenager.
I'm sure that's all this is.
Why don't you just let
the doctor figure that out?
I'm just giving her some
context.
But thanks for that. Carl.
Hi. I'm Dr. Heller. I'll be
working with Dr. Larsen today.
- Hi.
- Hey.
This is Hayley. 16.
and she's suffering
from right abdominal pain.
ER took blood. and we're
just waiting on the labs.
In the meantime. we need to ask
her some sensitive questions.
so you two might
want to step out.
No. it's okay. They can stay.
I need honest answers
from you. Hayley.
Of course.
Okay. Any drugs in
the last 24 hours?
- No.
- Alcohol?
Are you sexually active?
I have a boyfriend. but no.
Not in the way
you're talking about.
Okay then. as soon
as we get the labs back.
someone will come
and take you to radiology.
It shouldn't be too long.
So. you're shadowing me today?
Yeah. I figured.
might be the last time
before you succeed me
as Chief Resident.
Ah. you're gonna miss
bossing me around. huh?
Hey. so I heard Julie say
something about you and Michael
saving a couple in the woods.
Yeah. it was intense.
I was just a little surprised
you didn't tell me about it.
I know. I was
so tired last night.
But I'll fill you
in later. okay?
Yeah. yeah. Sure.
How was the night shift?
- Nothing dramatic.
Though. I didn't get much sleep.
You headed home?
Yeah. it's gonna be
a glorious day of laundry
and waiting for Dr. Ridley
to name Amy Chief Resident.
Stop that.
Doesn't everyone want to spend
their day off preparing
to have their soul crushed?
If you were out
of consideration.
they would've told you already.
And. you're gonna hear about
your surgical residency today?
I think she has to talk
to Dr. Costa first.
Well. either way. we're gonna
celebrate or commiserate.
Absolutely.
And I will let you know
if I hear anything.
Yeah. well.
I'll talk to you later.
Bye.
Hey. there. I am Dr. Coleman.
- Walter Babbitt.
Nice to meet you.
- Oh. and nice to meet you.
You have a parent around?
I live in a group home.
Oh. One of your
counselors. then?
Dropped me off. but he had
to do something else
for Mrs. Thompson.
She's the one who runs the home.
Okay.
Any idea if she's allowed to
make medical decisions for you?
No. that's usually
my social worker.
The one I had last time quit.
and I don't even know
who my new one is.
I have rheumatoid arthritis.
It's a chronic condition
that flares up sometimes.
I'm familiar.
You have it. too?
Oh. you mean this?
No. this um.
was a stupid accident.
Well. I really
can't miss the fair.
It's next week.
- Alright.
What kind of fair is it?
- Science.
I'm really into rockets.
and I need to be able to walk.
- Hurts too much right now?
- It's even worse this morning.
- How long have you been here?
- Four hours.
- Four hours?
And nobody's seen you?
Hold on. I'll take care of it.
We got your lab results back.
and you are
seven weeks pregnant.
I know you said earlier
that you weren't
sexually active.
so we just want to make sure
nobody's hurting you.
No. no. Um. I'm sorry. I lied.
They just don't know
I'm having sex yet.
That's understandable.
That's why we wanted
to get you in here.
so you could have some privacy.
We still need to figure out
what exactly is
causing that pain.
but since you're pregnant.
we're gonna run an ultrasound
instead of a CT Scan.
And don't worry. it won't hurt.
Dr. Larsen's just gonna run that
wand over your belly. okay?
Okay.
It's probably a good idea to
include your parents in this.
but in the State of Minnesota.
discussing your sexual health
is at your discretion.
so you have the right
to tell whoever you want.
or tell no one.
and we will all support you.
Okay. Um. I just
wanna text my dad.
Can I tell him
what room we're in?
Yeah. it's Radiology 3.
fourth floor.
Okay. We've got an
unusually busy day today.
so. preliminary assignments.
then circle back to me.
Dr. Lee. 712. post-op Whipple.
I want drain totals.
hemoglobin trend.
and a differential
for why it dropped.
Dr. Ramirez. 704.
small bowel obstruction
with a rising lactate.
Full abdominal exam. repeat CBCs
and review the CT
in real time.
Dr. Haynes. 726. GI bleed.
Two large-bore IV's.
type and cross to four.
start a proton pump
inhibitor drip.
Oh. and get GI
to hold an endoscopy slot.
Michael.
I see your residents
haven't been ordering head CTs
on your migraine patients.
I told you. I'm not doing that
unless it's
indicated clinically.
The hospital's policy on
headache management is clear.
Clearly designed
to maximize revenue.
And until I get my day
in court with Admin.
I'm not going along with it.
- I wish you luck with that.
Just so you know.
even if you replace me.
you won't have the juice
to do anything about it.
Why do you think I'm moving
into private practice?
So you worked under
Dr. Moynihan at UPMC?
- I did.
He was a real mentor to me.
Well. you certainly made
quite the impression.
That's not easy to do.
I'd be interested to hear
what you learned
about leadership from him.
He was great. but I learned
that I do it differently.
How so?
I was on call one night
in the ER.
Mass casualty event.
all hands on deck.
And one of the interns freezes.
Now. my first thought was.
"Moynihan would
eviscerate this kid."
But when I turned to do that.
I heard a voice coming out of me
that was calm and reassuring.
Gave him clear instructions
to get him reoriented.
Next thing I know.
he's coming out of it.
That sounds like
Dr. Hamda's style.
Well. thank you for coming in.
Thanks for letting us
take your time.
- My pleasure.
- Great meeting you. thank you.
Likewise. Thank you.
Hmm. We got plenty more but
I like him.
I don't know. that story
seemed a bit rehearsed.
Oh. I found it to be sincere.
- Hey. buddy.
This is Dr. Walker.
she is awesome.
and she's here to help you.
- Hi. Walter.
What you got there?
It's the solar system.
Oh yeah.
That is Saturn. Jupiter.
the asteroid belt?
The asteroid belt's the best.
You made all this?
Mrs. Thompson gave me
the stickers.
That's his group home
supervisor.
So you take this
everywhere you go?
I know they're supposed
to go on the wall.
but I move around so much.
so I put them on this.
So I can take my sky with me.
I wanted to be an astronaut
when I was your age.
I even went to Space Camp.
And I met Mae Jemison.
Oh. the first
Black woman in space.
- No way.
- You are full of surprises.
Yeah. my dad got me
into model rockets.
We would make them.
and then we launch them
in the front yard.
I'm really sorry
you're in pain. Walter.
and as soon as we. wait...
Speak of the devil.
it's your social worker.
just give me a sec.
I've been calling you
for hours. Cliff.
We need your approval to
give Walter his medication.
- So now you have it. okay?
How is he?
In pain. which is
keeping from walking.
and he's really worried
he'll miss the science fair.
Science fair?
He said it was next week.
Oh no. it's an adoption fair.
Foster mix
with prospective parents.
Dog and pony show.
Guess he was too
embarrassed to admit that.
All his medical issues.
he's not a great candidate.
He figures if he can walk.
somebody might choose him.
Well. I'm glad
you're there with him.
and you have my sign off.
Okay. But this delay
has already increased
his risks of an escalation.
I need to be able to get
you promptly the next time
a decision needs to be made.
You know how this goes. Gina.
I've got 40 other kids who
require just as much as Walter.
- We're all pretty busy. Cliff.
Just keep your ringer on.
I'm so sorry. Dad. We were
using protection. I don't know...
Sweetheart. these things happen.
I love you. It's gonna be okay.
- Ryan's gonna be so freaked.
Don't worry about Ryan. Okay?
We'll talk to him
when you're ready.
What am I gonna do?
We'll figure it out
together. okay?
It's gonna be all right.
Okay. Hayley.
So typically.
it's a corpus luteum cyst.
which is a cyst in your ovary.
It can cause
pain in early pregnancy.
Dr. Heller?
Yeah. I see it.
Is it the cyst?
The embryo's implanted
in the fallopian tubes.
it's what we call
an ectopic pregnancy.
What does that mean?
It means it's not viable.
So I'm not having a baby?
No.
Oh my God. thank you.
The situation is more
serious now. Hayley.
Do you want us
to bring in your mom?
I don't want her to know.
I have a responsibility to ask.
Is there an abusive situation
going on with your mother?
No. No.
It's nothing like that.
she's just very judgmental.
it's not
what Hayley needs right now.
Okay. so should we go
over the options?
Sure. Uh. I would
recommend surgery.
Without it. the embryo
could rupture...
But rupture usually occurs
when the pregnancy
is further along.
and surgery does
pose its own risks.
So you don't agree?
Um. I mean. look.
There's no guarantees
either way.
but I think that
with medication.
we can monitor for what
Dr. Larsen is concerned about.
Well then. why
didn't you suggest that?
Because if it were my daughter.
I would want it done as quickly
and expeditiously as possible.
And our surgeons are excellent.
- It's not black and white.
It's a serious decision.
which is why I think
it's a mistake
not to give your mom a chance...
Please. Don't pressure her
when you don't know our family.
Could you give us a few
minutes so we can discuss it?
Yeah. yeah. of course.
Hey. excuse me.
What's going on
with my daughter?
Um. we're still getting some
imaging and running some tests.
Okay. this is
starting to feel weird.
Her father says
he's going for coffee.
and I haven't heard
from him in over an hour.
That's because he's
in there with Hayley.
Excuse me?
She only wants to talk to him.
and we have to respect that.
He's turning her against me.
And you're keeping me
out of that room?
What's wrong with her?
I'm sorry. and I know
this is hard to hear.
but legally we just can't
disclose that right now.
I can say that
she's in good hands.
and her life is not in danger.
Okay? We'll let you know more
as soon as we can.
I'm just worried about her.
she's my whole life.
Dr. Larsen?
This is way beyond
reproductive health. Jake.
No. it is not.
This is a potentially
life-threatening situation.
It could rupture. she could die.
and her mom wouldn't even know.
Her condition started with sex.
which means
she retains those rights.
Doesn't matter how
you and me feel about it.
End of story.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
So. um...
I've been talking with Sanders.
about creating a pediatric
cardiology unit at the hospital.
Oh. when did that start?
Couple months ago.
I didn't think you'd want
to engage unless it was real.
Point is. it's something
we'll be able to achieve.
And it's gonna be amazing
for the hospital.
help a lot of families.
That's great. then.
Yeah. it's also making
me rethink some things.
What things?
I want to get an MBA.
and go into
hospital administration.
You're in line to run clinical
medicine at St. Paul's.
I know. but there
are so many things
in the system that need
to be confronted.
And you're gonna change them?
I can do my part.
And so few administrators
have the depth
of medical experience I have.
I think you're doubting
yourself as a physician
because of what
happened at the museum.
I can't believe
you just said that.
I'm sorry if I'm wrong.
You are.
In every way.
This is not the guy.
We haven't even met him.
CV reads like an academic.
overemphasis
on publishing. research.
He's been awarded
some highly coveted grants.
There's very little
experience in management.
dealing with performance issues.
staff conflicts.
Questions we can ask him
when we talk to him.
Hey. Dr. Coleman.
Sorry. I heard you
wanted to see me.
Just about to conduct
another interview.
do you mind coming
back in an hour?
Yeah. okay. Sure.
Just tell him.
I know. you wanna roll out
the red carpet. but look at him.
You were awarded the surgical
residency you wanted.
Are you. are you serious?
I don't joke about surgery.
Congratulations. TJ.
Thank you.
I can't thank you
enough. Dr. Ridley.
It's truly been an honor.
Alright. yeah. Get outta here.
I gotta find the ass that's
gonna sit in this chair.
Yes ma'am. yes ma'am.
- Hey.
- Guess you can't sleep.
Be easier if you were here.
Don't I wish?
Please. tell me you
heard something.
Not about the big jobs
but I got some good news.
You're gonna be a surgeon.
In like. five years.
- Oh my God. Oh my God.
How. how did she tell you?
She just called me
into her office.
But before you panic.
she's been in there all day
with Dr. Hamda. interviewing
people to succeed her.
She squeezed me into
a 15 second slot.
so I don't think
she's getting to your gig
until the end of the day.
Well. whatever happens. we're
gonna celebrate you tonight.
and I'm not gonna
think about Amy Larsen
for the rest of the day.
Somehow I doubt that.
but nice try.
And?
I don't know.
It's kind of hard
to watch this parade
of pretenders to your throne.
'Twas a short reign.
but a worthy one. I hope.
Anyone you like yet?
0 for 4 thus far.
I think he's getting
finicky in his old age.
I'm just trying
to top Dr. Miller.
Please. just pick somebody
I don't have a history with.
I'm offended by that.
I'll be a little more docile
if you name me Chief Resident.
Cocky.
Keep me out of this.
I'm being summoned.
So. Hayley and her father
chose the medication route.
went ahead and moved them
to a procedure room
so we could avoid
a confrontation with the mother.
You're really going
above and beyond.
Just respecting
our patient's wishes.
Yeah. you keep saying that.
Okay. what's that
supposed to mean?
Would you do this to Rachel?
If you were in
the same situation?
If Mia asked me to. yeah.
I guess you're really
comfortable with secrets.
- Okay. come on.
Is that what this is about?
I don't know. I was surprised
at how quickly you took
the father's position
without even trying to mediate.
Listen. fathers
and daughters are capable
of having this kind
of bond. okay?
I know that might
be triggering for you.
but we have to listen...
- That's. that's a low blow.
- What is this?
What's going on here?
You tell me.
I don't like when you try
and play by your own rules.
but you just expect
everyone else to go along.
- Oh. is that what I do?
- Sometimes. yeah.
Good to know.
Should we go see our patient
in witness protection?
Houston. we're approaching
the moons of Mars.
Phobos on my right.
And Demos on your left.
Dr. Walker.
Aww. you feeling any better
with the medications?
Not yet. Feeling a little
short of breath.
I'll increase the dose
of your pain meds. then.
Meantime. I
came by to give you...
This.
A rocket?
You have to put it together.
I know you have other patients.
but would you by any chance
have time to help me
assemble it?
I'd like nothing more.
Your oxygen levels are holding.
I just need to take
a blood sample
to make sure
there's no internal bleeding.
Internal bleeding?
I warned you earlier
about a potential rupture.
And?
Levels are a little low.
So it's bad?
No. you're not bleeding.
but we need to
continue to monitor.
This is the unpredictability
aspect I was concerned about.
She keeps calling me.
I know. I turned my phone off.
You really think that's
a fair way to handle this?
Look. I don't know
what else to do.
I mean. you explained the
situation to her.
sounds like she won't
take no for an answer.
which is part of her problem.
Well. imagine what
it's like to be her.
and not know what's
going on with her daughter.
You're hiding my child from me?
What procedure
are you even doing?
I'm sorry. like we told you...
- This is insane.
She's 16. she's my child.
How can you do this?
- I'm pregnant.
Okay? And it's stuck in my tube.
and they have to get it out.
Do you wanna tell me how
irresponsible I am now?
I'm sorry. Mrs. Sato.
I told you.
you're not permitted
to be in here.
Is that why you
came early today?
Cause you were taking her
to the doctor?
Are you crazy?
I didn't know till they told me.
neither did she.
I'm sorry you had to
find out this way.
It's okay.
It's like Russian Roulette
in that office.
Did she talk to you yet?
She said I'm a schmuck. but
too good a doctor to let go.
One of the nicest
things anybody's said about me.
So you're just hanging out.
watching the firing squad?
Yeah.
Oh jeez. another one
bites the dust.
Thank you.
Nice working with y'all.
Oh God.
Liz.
It's gonna be fine.
You got this.
- Hi.
- Hi. You look terrified.
I think everyone is.
You're an excellent nurse. Liz.
But you have
a credibility problem.
You don't know
what I'm talking about?
No. not exactly.
Remember that incident with
the faulty dose of lorazepam
that Dr. Larsen
supposedly prescribed?
I've been through
that with Dr. Hamda.
everyone knows that
Hannah was manipulating me.
Right. But it took some time
for people to believe that.
because you lied for Dr. Miller.
when he tried to cover up
the death of Bill Dixon.
I don't need to remind you
of the impact of that lie.
But. but that was...
Not that long ago. Liz.
And people will
always remember it.
That's the thing
about your reputation.
you only have one.
and once you lose it.
it's almost impossible
to get it back.
I understand.
The question is.
does it bother you?
Yeah. of course it bothers me.
And yet he's still here.
a daily reminder of
the damage he did to you.
The hospital brought him back.
knowing everything.
What could I do at this point?
Find your voice.
Sixteen years.
You're trying to
make her hate me.
It's that look on your face.
you're always mad.
always disappointed.
She knows I'll leave her alone.
- Yeah. you leave her alone.
You left her alone so much
that she's pregnant.
Right. of course.
you blame it all on me.
She is having an adverse
reaction to the methotrexate.
She's in renal failure.
Put her on dialysis.
It's not gonna be that simple.
I'm seeing some hemodynamic
instability from the pregnancy.
So. what do you want to do?
CRRT and vasopressors.
You're not concerned about
cardiovascular collapse?
Yeah. of course I am. but um.
surgery's a higher risk now.
Well. that was exactly
my point to begin with.
I will go tell the parents.
Yeah.
Hi. Hayley's reacting
negatively to the drugs.
So we are gonna have to put her
on a new course of treatment.
Okay. is there some sort of
decision that needs to be made?
Not anymore.
that was this morning.
Oh. Sonya.
thanks for coming in.
I know you were
on call last night.
Oh. no. I'm glad I'll have
a chance to say goodbye.
and to thank you.
For what?
For mentoring me.
and for even considering me
for Chief Resident.
For the record. um...
I understand why
you brought your concerns
about my health to Dr. Heller.
You risked a great deal
doing that.
Most people would have
looked the other way.
Well. I appreciate
you saying that.
In any event. I wanted
to give you one last chance
to make your case
for the coveted post.
Well. I think
I'm a very good doctor.
I have compassion
for my patients.
I work well with my colleagues.
I learn from my mistakes.
and I think I can
be a great teacher.
And in terms
of you and Dr. Larsen?
I read the transcript
of your interrogation
during that internal
review about Dr. Clark.
Yes.
You could have put your foot
on Amy's neck that day.
Matter of fact.
you lied to protect her.
Yeah. I had my reasons.
You respect her.
Everyone does.
And if you were sitting in my
chair. who would you choose?
Well. that's kind of
a trick question. right?
To build my case.
I'd have to disparage her.
Which you fear is dangerous
because of our long
relationship?
If I've earned it on my own
merits. it'll be mine.
If not.
I'm sure she'd make
an excellent Chief Resident.
and you'll make the best
decision for the department.
- My last patient took so long.
How are we doing?
I'm good.
You finished it without me.
Can we... launch it now?
Um. we need to get your
breathing under control first.
How long's this been
going on for?
Maybe 20 minutes.
Why didn't you call someone?
Got that buzzer there.
you know that. right?
I figured they got machines.
they can see what's going on.
Why don't you hit
that button now?
Okay. Take a deep breath for me.
It hurts.
Sharp or dull pain?
I would say sharp.
Okay. Take a really
deep breath for me.
It hurts even more.
Okay. Believe it or not.
that's good news.
It means the fluid's
around your lungs
and not in your lungs.
Pleural effusion.
we need to tap.
Just gonna put a little
oxygen mask on you. okay?
It's Cliff. leave a message.
Cliff. it's Gina.
Walter's in distress.
and we need your sign-off again.
Call me back. please? Now.
God knows when we'll hear back.
- We can't afford to wait.
Get it set up. I'll take
the responsibility.
It's my understanding that
you were in the running
to become Chief of Internal
Medicine at St. Paul's
six years ago.
I was. then had
a change of heart.
So. an MBA. then Chief
Administrator at Regency Clinic.
two years VP of Clinical
Medicine at Grace River.
They were headed for bankruptcy.
He turned that place around.
The thing I'm most proud of is
our patient satisfaction scores.
The open access
outpatient system
had a lot to do with that.
Most institutions resist that.
How'd you get it
past their board?
Passion and persistence.
And you still kept your
hand in clinical practice.
I'm in the clinic
at least once a week.
I'm a better administrator
if I stay connected to
the medicine and our staff.
Admirable. But you realize
that we're too big a hospital
to accommodate that.
I do. and I'll miss it.
but it would be worth it
to have the kind of impact
I'm looking for.
Thank you so much for coming in.
Thank you. Dr. Ridley.
Okay. what's wrong
with this one?
Nothing. He's great.
Come on. Michael.
This is starting to
feel like Goldilocks.
What is it? Spit it out.
You're gonna think I'm crazy.
Crazy is probably the last word
anyone would use
to describe you.
I think maybe...
I'm the best person
for that chair.
You?
Yes.
So. you saved those
two people in the woods.
and got a taste of
the action again. and...
I miss getting my hands dirty.
And the camaraderie
with the other doctors.
and everything I went to
med school for
in the first place.
And. oh boy. wouldn't it be
nice to get away from Max
and those insipid suits.
Definitely.
Plus you'd be
even closer to Amy.
That has nothing to do with it.
No?
I love her. but she's not
taking me back anytime soon.
So no. that's not a bonus.
that's probably a downside.
Okay.
Now. tell me why you think
it'd be good for the department.
Well. for starters.
I'm an excellent doctor.
Who hasn't practiced in a year.
Ten months.
And I've maintained
my board certification.
so rust would not be a factor.
And no one who could sit in that
sit would have
my administrative experience
and leadership skills.
And you left out that you
could hit the ground running.
cause you know all the players
and help stabilize a department
that's had a lot of turbulence.
Well. it sounds like
you could support this.
Only one thing.
You started this by saying
you think you could be
the best person for the job.
If you're going to
walk in Max's office
with my endorsement.
you better know you are.
- Okay. Walter.
So. Dr. Coleman's
gonna stick that needle into
the space between your chest
and your lung.
to relieve the pressure there.
Now. you should be numb from
the medication we gave you.
but if you feel any pressure.
or more out of breath.
then you just
let us know. alright?
Does it hurt?
No.
Good. that's because
you're numb. like I said.
Just try to relax. alright?
- Why does it look like milk?
Is that okay?
The counselor you sent him
with left him alone in the ER.
said he had
something else to do.
Well. he thought that
the social worker
was gonna be there any minute.
and we have eight
kids with the flu.
So he hustled back.
Well. the social worker didn't
come. and was never even called.
And I reprimanded him.
But he's got a GED and he's
getting paid 12 bucks an hour.
And you know what?
I'm lucky to have him.
He's one of the best
people on my staff.
I just looked at his medical
file. going all the way back.
Delayed decisions on his care
have been hurting
him a long time.
You don't have to tell me
the system's broken.
Seems like such a great kid.
Oh. he's exceptional.
I mean. we had his IQ tested.
he was over 130.
Kind. never complains.
So much to give the world.
And he's falling
through the cracks.
Vitals are stable.
Looks like this is
starting to work.
Starting?
It'll be a couple more hours
until we've cleared the toxins
and we can see for sure
that your kidney
function's normalizing.
- And what if it's not?
- Then we'll figure it out.
Obviously. this isn't how
any of us wanted it.
and I know you've had
a very difficult day.
Probably should have told
my mom from the beginning.
You know. my daughter was closer
to her father for a long time.
And I brought that on myself.
But the thing that
I am grateful for
is that she let me know why.
and she gave me
a chance to fix it.
You don't know my mother.
No. but hospitals have
a way of humbling people.
And I'm pretty sure
your message to her
was loud and clear.
So maybe. this is
a place to start.
I don't know how
it all got to this.
I think that winning became
the most important thing.
Instead of what was
best for Hayley.
- It's not as simple as that.
- Come on. man.
You gonna tell me a part of you
wasn't feeling pretty good
about being
the chosen parent today.
I get it. I'm a divorced dad.
I know how things can be.
- Then why didn't you push?
The way Dr. Larsen did?
I mean. I wouldn't
want some doctor
who barely knows
my daughter doing that.
But listen. I do think
that for Hayley's sake.
you gotta try and repair
things with your ex.
Look. man.
You're gonna have birthdays.
and graduations. and weddings.
hopefully some grandkids.
and you're gonna
need to co-exist.
Maybe even find a way
to share some of the joy.
- Hey. did I miss something?
I was in the restroom.
She is turning a corner.
But she's still gonna need
a lot of support.
Thank you.
- I've been offered the CMO job.
- Here?
- Yes.
- I work here.
This. this is mine.
They pursued me.
and this is a huge opportunity.
There are a hundred
other jobs. Michael.
Not in Minneapolis.
Only other openings at
this level are in St. Louis.
New York and Rhode Island.
And I'm not missing
Katie's senior year.
or moving her
to one of those places.
What about
the conflict of interest?
There is no conflict
of interest.
I'm gonna be your boss.
Ready to crown a winner?
The candidates
are all impressive.
Um. speaking with them
solidified my opinion of what.
and who. is needed.
Okay.
I know how much
you want to replace me.
But I have three
years left on my contract.
so let me run Internal Medicine.
Are you kidding me?
You get to fill my position
with someone who's
more of a yes man.
I think that's what you want.
And you're willing
to take the pay cut?
Money's not
the primary factor for me.
But I do need
Joan's contract terms.
Ah. the ones you
gave away to someone
who should never
have had the job.
I've been here long enough
to know where a lot
of bodies are buried.
I have a similar map.
Let's go to
our separate corners.
You raise money and worry
about the hospital's image.
I'll go save patients
and train great doctors
in a culture
people can believe in.
Back to your roots. huh?
I guess you could say that.
I know you have some
pretty strong feelings about me.
I just wanted to tell you
how much I've
always respected you.
And I'm very sorry
you're leaving.
especially under
these circumstances.
You're right.
I do have strong
feelings about you.
I need you to say Dr. Larsen
prescribed the wrong medication.
Am I okay?
You're stabilized.
but we still need to do
a few more tests.
So I'm not gonna make it
to the science fair?
I really wanted
to bring my rocket.
I'm really sorry. Walter.
But you're gonna need at least
a few days to recover.
But I really need to get there.
I know you feel like you do.
But there will be other chances.
And Mrs. Thompson came by.
and left some
of your clothes for you.
Wanted you to know
how much everyone misses you.
I know you had to make
the decision about my treatment.
Cause you couldn't find
anyone else to do it.
That's okay. I'm a doctor.
But you could've gotten
in trouble. Right?
Well. I wasn't gonna
let you suffer anymore.
- So what happens next time?
If I don't get as nice a doctor?
I don't know. Walter.
But we'll figure it out. Okay?
I'm glad to see
they're in a better place.
I didn't like
how that went today.
Yeah. Yeah. no. me neither.
We both said things.
You've been different since
you came back from Chicago.
You've changed since
this whole thing with Rachel.
Seriously?
Are you saying you haven't?
I think when you need time
to work out things with Michael.
I just. I accept it.
But when the shoe's
on the other foot...
When the shoe's
on the other foot.
you have a hard time
telling me the truth.
And then you expect me
to accept that.
I think we might need
some space tonight.
Yeah. We do.
So you're really going for
the suspense thing. huh?
First order of business
is my successor.
- You found someone already?
- It's going to be Michael.
I know the whole thing in
the woods really galvanized him.
but I wasn't expecting this.
It's a lot more than the woods.
and I think it'll be
stabilizing for the department.
Yeah.
Yeah. he's amazing.
I mean. when I. when I
came out of my accident.
I was surprised
that he'd given it up
in the first place.
He rediscovered his calling.
Okay. well. maybe it'll be fun
having two chiefs in the family.
I wouldn't. wouldn't jump
the gun there. kiddo.
What are you talking about?
I'm... I'm concerned
that you grabbed for
the Chief Residency
because you hate being an intern
and it's the next highest
rung on the ladder.
So. you'd give it to
somebody not as good as me?
No. I'd give it to someone
who understands the immensity
of the responsibility.
I understand
the responsibility. Joan.
So you want to teach.
and mentor. and train.
and tolerate people of inferior
intelligence and acumen?
I don't think of them that way.
No?
I think you might
actually be good at it.
I saw glimpses of it with TJ
and Hannah from time to time.
but it can't just be
people you're fond of.
Oh. I wasn't
that fond of Hannah.
Don't be clever. Amy.
This is an inflection point.
so I need you to hear me.
You've been focused on what
you think you need.
whether it's Michael or Jake.
or being a good doctor.
or finding your memories.
I got news for you.
most people are a complete
mystery to themselves.
even when they have
all their memories.
Why did you become a doctor?
To help people.
Of course.
But also.
also to validate your
sense of worth in the world.
and I know how those
two things can get tangled up.
I just did that to myself.
so now I say this with humility.
It is time for you to put
your own needs to the side.
to use your greatness.
to pull the greatness
out of others.
including Sonya.
I don't understand.
I looked back at
the hiring notes on her.
and you were the one
that fought for her.
You said she has grit
and resilience.
and she got back up
every time you knocked her down.
Now. that's the kind of gal
I want leading next generation.
- Great.
- And apparently. you did too.
How am I supposed to teach her
if I'm two rungs below her?
You won't be. cause
you'll be doing it together.
Co-chiefs?
It'll make you better.
In all the ways that
really matter.
Because the question is.
what are you going to do
with the rest of your life?
Self-development?
Self-fulfilment?
Or service to others?
But I won't push it forward.
unless you tell me
you can see the wisdom in it.
And I gotta believe you.
Come here.
I'm gonna miss you so much.
Well?
We're sharing it.
Didn't see that coming.
Neither did I.
Did you guys kiss and make up?
We texted. very polite.
I guess we'll just see
what tomorrow brings.
Well. two of my favorite people.
Let's go celebrate you.
We are celebrating both of us.
because I am taking you dancing.
Dancing? What about your cane?
What cane?
- What cane?
- My goodness.
- Yeah. it's gonna be fun.
Ah.
All the I's dotted
and the T's crossed.
I'm really glad I gave
you the farm on your deal.
I played you like a fiddle.
How'd Amy take her news?
She saw the merits of my idea.
It'll be your job
to keep her honest.
How'd she feel about that?
You? You. she loves.
There's the chair. Try it.
It's still yours.
I'll sit tomorrow.
To whatever comes next.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm